CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

Currency Exchange App

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

This program is mean to work as a currency exchange app that will allow users to quote a currency exchange (online?) and make the transfer directly without need 
to attend to an in-person money exchange office or interact with a person. This is focused on persons that prefer online transactions/contactless. 

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

I'll learn to manage functions that allows to set an income earning margin on each transaction. 
I have seen a similar app that also allows the user to "negociate" the exchange rate online.
I will try to replicate the same functionality and try to add modules to log in, administrate information and the main functionality to store a "digital wallet".

4. What Python modules will your program use?

I will use CSV as a database host and  datetime to get transactions audit.
At some point, I believe I am going to user some other modules but I will find out once i get there.

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

Yes, I will have a function to host the menu and each interaction from there will be also invoked with other functions.

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

It's very likely. I am not sure if the time will be enought since this is the modular class, But i will try to accomplish all.